DOCSP-45307: Drop external polyfill library support (#74)
mongodb/docs-cpp: source/get-started/download-and-install.txt

Reviewer: Unrelated to this PR: the "Build and install the driver" instructions for Windows should build-and-install _both_ a `Release/`RelWithDebInfo` configuration _and_ a `Debug` configuration. This is to avoid difficult-to-diagnose linker errors on Windows due to Windows C Runtime Library incompatibility (e.g. if a user installs the C++ Driver with Release but compiles their project with Debug, this is a linker/runtime error).

Author: I made a ticket for this change: https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/DOCSP-45456

   .. step:: Install dependencies

      Before you being this tutorial, ensure you have the following dependencies
      installed in your development environment:
      
      - Compiler that supports C++17, such as `GCC <https://gcc.gnu.org/install/>`__, `Clang <https://clang.llvm.org/>`__,
        or `Visual Studio <https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/>`__
      - `CMake <https://cmake.org/>`__ v3.15 or later
      - `pkg-config <https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/pkg-config/>`__

      .. note:: Pre-C++17 Configurations

         This tutorial configures the {+driver-short+} to use the C++17 standard
         library, but C++11 is the minimum supported language version. If you want

>          to install the driver for pre-C++17 configurations, set the ``CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD``

Reviewer: Wording tweak suggestion to include a reference to the "Important" note regarding using C++17 or newer:

> Although C++11 is the minimum supported language version, this tutorial configures the {+driver-short+} with the C++17 standard, as recommended by <link to "C++17 Polyfill Configuration">. If you want to configure the driver for a pre-C++17 standard, set the ``CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD`` configuration option accordingly. The driver will automatically use bsoncxx library polyfill implementations for required C++17 features.

      - `CMake <https://cmake.org/>`__ v3.15 or later
      - `pkg-config <https://www.freedesktop.org/wiki/Software/pkg-config/>`__

>       .. note:: Pre-C++17 Configurations

Reviewer: The "macos / Linux" CMake configuration command is missing `-DCMAKE_CXX_STANDARD=17` to select the C++17 standard as implied by this note.

This page also states "Compiler that supports C++17" as a requirement above despite the minimum supported C++ standard being C++11. This page may need to be reworded to document C++11 as the minimum requirement, but instead strongly recommend users configure the driver with `CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD=17` instead when able.

Author: Added the `-DCMAKE_CXX_STANDARD=17` option! Since this tutorial does set those CMake options and configures the driver to use C++17, I think "Compiler that supports C++17" should still be a prerequisite. I reworded that step to make it clear that this is a requirement for the tutorial, rather than for configuring the driver in general.

         This tutorial configures the {+driver-short+} to use the C++17 standard
         library. If you want to install the driver for pre-C++17 configurations,
         set the ``CMAKE_CXX_STANDARD`` configuration option to your C++ version.

>          By default, the driver enables the bsoncxx polyfill library for pre-C++17
>          configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
         The driver will automatically select bsoncxx library polyfill implementations to use in place of C++17 features.
```
